README.md, before:

# 5 Planes
## The Origami of Flight

---

### Project Description
5 Planes is a static front-end website dedicated to the art of paper airplanes. The site acts as an initial launchpad into the socials and how to make paper air planes.  

---

### Main Technologies
- **Required**: HTML, CSS
- **Optional**: Bootstrap and/or other CSS libraries/frameworks

---

### Table of Contents
- [Pre-requisites](#pre-requisites)
- [Who is this for?](#who-is-this-for)
- [Features](#features)
- [How to Build](#how-to-build)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Licenses and References Used](#licenses-and-references-used)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contacts](#contacts)

---

### Pre-requisites
- Basic knowledge of HTML and CSS.
- Familiarity with Bootstrap (optional).

---

### Who is this for?
This project is for anyone interested in learning about different types of paper airplanes and how to make them. It is also suitable for those looking to practice their front-end development skills.

---

### Features
- **Carousel**: A responsive image carousel showcasing paper airplane events and designs.
- **Club Finder**: A grid layout displaying paper airplane clubs across Europe with clickable email links for contact.
- **Newsletter Signup**: A form to subscribe to the latest updates and events.
- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive layout using Bootstrap for compatibility across devices.

---

### How to Build
1. Clone the repository from GitHub:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/mcbonuss/5-Planes.git
   ```
2. Open the project in your preferred code editor.
3. Ensure you have an internet connection to load Bootstrap from the CDN.
4. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the website.

---

### Deployment
To deploy the project to GitHub Pages:
1. Push the project to a GitHub repository.
2. Go to the repository's settings.
3. Under the "Pages" section, select the branch (e.g., `main`) and folder (e.g., `/root`) to deploy.
4. Save the settings, and the website will be available at `https://<your-username>.github.io/<repository-name>`.

---

### Testing
- The project was tested on multiple browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Edge) to ensure compatibility.
- The layout was tested on different screen sizes to verify responsiveness.
- Forms were tested to ensure proper validation and submission.
- Known Issues:
  - The carousel may not display correctly if images are missing or improperly sized.
  - Some older browsers may not fully support modern CSS features.

---

### Documentation
- **index.html**: The main landing page with an introduction and navigation menu.
- **club-finder.html**: A page displaying a grid of paper airplane clubs with contact details.
- **newsletter.html**: A page with a form for newsletter signup.
- **style.css**: Custom CSS styles for the project.
- **assets**: Directory containing images and other assets used in the project.

---

### Licenses and References Used
- **Bootstrap**: [https://getbootstrap.com/](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- **Images**: All images used are either created by the project author, sourced from free image repositories, or generated using DALLE.

---

### Credits
- **Font Awesome**: Used for social media icons in the footer.
- **Code Institute**: Provided guidance and resources for the project.
- **Love-running**: Used for the footer elements and gallery elements. 
- **DALLE**: Used for generating some of the images.
- **ChatGPT**: Used as a search engine and for code referencing and syntax checking.

---

### Contacts
For any questions or feedback, please contact:
- **Name**: Russ M
- **Email**: rmckeith@gmail.com
- **GitHub**: [https://github.com/mcbonuss](https://github.com/mcbonuss)
```

Commit message:

Added to the readme and pasted in the wire frame.

README.md, after:

# 5 Planes
## The Origami of Flight

---

### Project Description
User Centric Frontend Development Milestone Project
Project purpose: Presentation of static data
In this project, you’ll build a static front-end site to present useful information to users, using all the technologies that you have learned about so far.

Value provided:
Data is presented in a way that helps users achieve their goals, e.g. learning about a product/service that they are interested in.
The presentation of this data advances the site owner's goals, e.g. helps them market a product/service.
Project Requirements
Main Technologies
Required: HTML, CSS

Optional: Bootstrap and/or other CSS libraries/frameworks.

Mandatory Requirements
A project violating any of these requirements will FAIL

Static front end project: Write custom HTML5 and CSS3 code to create a website of at least 3 pages, or (if using a single scrolling page), at least 3 separate page areas.
Information Architecture: Incorporate a main navigation menu and structured layout (you might want to use Bootstrap to accomplish this).
Documentation: Write a README.md file for your project that explains what the project does and the value that it provides to its users.
Version Control: Use Git & GitHub for version control.
Attribution: Maintain clear separation between code written by you and code from external sources (e.g. libraries or tutorials). Attribute any code from external sources to its source via comments above the code and (for larger dependencies) in the README.
Deployment: Deploy the final version of your code to a hosting platform such as GitHub Pages.
---

### Main Technologies
- **Required**: HTML, CSS
- **Required**: Bootstrap and/or other CSS libraries/frameworks

---

### Table of Contents
- [Pre-requisites](#pre-requisites)
- [Who is this for?](#who-is-this-for)
- [Features](#features)
- [How to Build](#how-to-build)
- [Deployment](#deployment)
- [Testing](#testing)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [Licenses and References Used](#licenses-and-references-used)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Contacts](#contacts)

---

### Pre-requisites
- Basic knowledge of HTML and CSS.
- Familiarity with Bootstrap (optional).

---

### Who is this for?
The aim of the site is to be a hub for those interested in making a few paper airplanes and learning the basics of flight from a practical STEM stand point, the site also acts as acontact list for global clubs that users can join. The site is an initial intro into the world of non-lignin pulped cellulose aiviation and is not meant to be exhaustive but a fun start or afternoon hobbyists refrence. 
![Initial wireframe for styling and flow](assets/images/Wireframe.jpg)
---

### Features
- **Carousel**: A responsive image carousel showcasing paper airplane events and designs.
- **Club Finder**: A grid layout displaying paper airplane clubs across Europe with clickable email links for contact.
- **Newsletter Signup**: A form to subscribe to the latest updates and events.
- **Responsive Design**: Fully responsive layout using Bootstrap for compatibility across devices.

---

### How to Build
1. Clone the repository from GitHub:
   git clone https://github.com/mcbonuss/5-Planes.git
2. Open the project in your preferred code editor.
3. Ensure you have an internet connection to load Bootstrap from the CDN.
4. Open `index.html` in your browser to view the website.

---

### Deployment
To deploy the project to GitHub Pages:
1. Push the project to a GitHub repository.
2. Go to the repository's settings.
3. Under the "Pages" section, select the branch (e.g., `main`) and folder (e.g., `/root`) to deploy.
4. Save the settings, and the website will be available at `https://<your-username>.github.io/<repository-name>`.

---

### Testing
- The project was tested on multiple browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Edge) to ensure compatibility.
- The layout was tested on different screen sizes to verify responsiveness.
- Forms were tested to ensure proper validation and submission.
- Known Issues:
  - The carousel was removed and replaced.
  - Some older browsers may not fully support modern CSS features.
  - The GitHub deployment does not replicate the bootstrap code and CSS fails 

---

### Documentation
- **index.html**: The main landing page with an introduction and navigation menu.
- **club-finder.html**: A page displaying a grid of paper airplane clubs with contact details.
- **newsletter.html**: A page with a form for newsletter signup.
- **style.css**: Custom CSS styles for the project.
- **assets**: Directory containing images and other assets used in the project.
- **5planes**: wire fame included in directory 

---

### Licenses and References Used
- **Bootstrap**: [https://getbootstrap.com/](https://getbootstrap.com/)
- **Images**: All images used are either created by the project author, sourced from free image repositories, or generated using DALLE.

---

### Credits
- **Font Awesome**: Used for social media icons in the footer.
- **Code Institute**: Provided guidance and resources for the project.
- **Love-running**: Used for the footer elements and gallery elements. 
- **DALLE**: Used for generating some of the images.
- **ChatGPT**: Used as a search engine and for code referencing and syntax checking.

---

### Contacts
For any questions or feedback, please contact:
- **Name**: Russ M
- **Email**: rmckeith@gmail.com
- **GitHub**: [https://github.com/mcbonuss](https://github.com/mcbonuss)
```
